# FS-Java-Systems-Development
# FS-Java-Systems-Development
The game that was developed for this project is the famous German drinking game Mäxchen. 
Mäxchen is a multiplayer dice game which is based on the concept of bluffing with the so called “losing punishment” of being obliged to drink. 
To be more specific, whenever a player loses the round, they would have to have a drink or take a shot, indicating that the more rounds one player loses, the more they would have to drink. Once a player loses 10 rounds, they lose the game as they would have already taken 10 shots and would be too drunk to play (“the player has fainted”).
In order to play the game, each player is provided with two fair dices which they will use throughout the entire game, as well as a dice cup which acts as a concealer so that other players cannot see each other’s combinations. For DrunkMäxchen, the game is programmed in a way that other players cannot view each other’s combinations (replicating the original procedure of the game).
DrunkMäxchen can also be played on the same device, where the device gets passed around the players after they have finished their turn
How the game works: The main purpose of the game is to always get a combination with the two dices that you are given which is higher than the player before you. When the two dices are rolled (after pressing the “Shake” button), your combination is always the order of the two dices which would give you a higher number. For example, when you roll a 5 and a 6, your roll for that round is 65 (and this is always the case). 
Mäxchen has a specific combination order from highest to lowest, which determines whether if the combination you rolled is higher or lower than the player before you. 
Order of Combinations (highest to lowest): The highest roll in Mäxchen is 21, also referred to as Mia/Mäxchen when a player rolls this combination or claims that they have rolled this combination. Then the order in a decreasing manner is 66, 55, 44, 33, 22, 11, 65, 64, 63, 62, 61, 54, 53, 52, 51, 43, 42, 41, 32, 31 (lowest).
As there is a strict decreasing order in the game, meaning that the chances of you getting a higher combination than the previous player is not usually high, there is a lot of room for bluffing/lying as well as doubting the claims of the player you are playing against. Therefore, you have a number of operations which you can choose to do when you receive a combination and also when your opponent declares and communicates to you their combination
Game operations (Your turn): After pressing the “Shake” button and receiving a randomized combination, you can either press the Truth or Lie button. 
By pressing the Truth button, you actually submit and display to your opponent the real or true combination which you received after executing the shake button. 
By choosing to press the Lie button, you manually enter a fake combination which you falsefully claim that you achieved using the programmed pop-up window. The fake combination should naturally be any combination that is just higher than the combination which your opponent claims they received. This also allows you to even attempt to beat a Mäxchen (21) which is the highest combination in the game.
Game operations (After opponents turn): Before carrying on with the game and with your turn, there are two further buttons which you can press: the Believe and the Doubt button. 
The Believe button represents that you have trusted your opponent with the combination that they have claimed to received and thus the game carries on with your turn to shake and receive a combination.
When you choose to press the Doubt button, it indicates that you are suspicious of the combination which your opponent declared and that your opponent’s combination has to be checked and saved in the console. Once the doubt button is pressed or in other words "activated", there are two possible scenarios: doubt was correct (your opponent lied), in which case your opponent loses the round and is obliged to drink, or your suspicion was wrong and your opponent was actually telling the truth, causing you to lose the round and needing to drink.
The conmbination does not actually get revealed after executing the doubt operation, whereas the system checks it and automatically determines which player lost the round according to which of the two scenarios occured. 
The Believe and Doubt button have the same functions for your opponent after you submit your combination.
End Turn button: The End Turn button is used and pressed after each player finishes submitting their combination by either lying or telling the truth.
How a player wins in Mäxchen: Using the Drunkometers function in the game, the winning and losing player is determined. The purpose of the Drunkometers calculator in the game is to account for every time a player loses a round when playing the game of Mäxchen, where the Drunkometer increases by 10% for each round the player loses. 
The first player to so to say “fill up” their Drunkometer, which occurs when a player loses 10 times (10*10% = 100%), loses the game of Mäxchen. 
Have fun playing this exciting and exhilarating game and prove that you can make your friend faint first!
